Expand migration docs (#14549)
DataDog/integrations-core: rabbitmq/README.md

       url: http://<HOST>:15692
 ```

>  This enables scraping of the [`/metrics` endpoint][20] on one RabbitMQ node. We can also collect data from the [`/metrics/detailed` endpoint][22].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This enables scraping of the [`/metrics` endpoint][20] on one RabbitMQ node. Datadog can also collect data from the [`/metrics/detailed` endpoint][22].
```

### Migrating to Prometheus Plugin

The Prometheus Plugin exposes a different set of metrics from the Management Plugin.
Here is what you should be aware of as you migrate from the Management to the Prometheus Plugin.

- Look up your metrics in [this table][23]. If a metric's description contains an `[OpenMetricsV2]` tag, then it is available in the Prometheus Plugin. Metrics available only in the Management Plugin do not have any tags in their descriptions.

> - The old dashboards and monitors **will not work** anymore, please switch to the dashboards and monitors marked as *OpenMetrics Version*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any dashboards and monitors using Management Plugin metrics do not function. Switch to the dashboards and monitors marked as *OpenMetrics Version*.
```

> - The default configuration collects aggregated metrics. This means, for example, that you won't see metrics tagged by queue. Configure the option `prometheus_plugin.unaggregated_endpoint` to get metrics without aggregation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default configuration collects aggregated metrics. This means, for example, that there are no metrics tagged by queue. Configure the option `prometheus_plugin.unaggregated_endpoint` to get metrics without aggregation.
```

> - The `rabbitmq.status` service check is replaced by `rabbitmq.openmetrics.health` one. The service check `rabbit.aliveness` has no equivalent in the Prometheus Plugin, but it doesn't add much on top of the other checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `rabbitmq.status` service check is replaced by `rabbitmq.openmetrics.health`. The service check `rabbit.aliveness` has no equivalent in the Prometheus Plugin.
```

> Some tags also changed in the Prometheus Plugin. The table below describes the changes to the more common tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prometheus Plugin changes some tags. The table below describes the changes to the more common tags.
```
